Gu Shichen, I killed you
Don't think you can crush me with this young master of the Chen family
I'll tell you what.
I'm not an ant that Chen Bufan can step on at will
Who gave you confidence?
Princess Changle
Princess Changle to Princess Changle
The elephant's only princess
The princess's favorite princess
In the Manchu Dynasty, only Ye Zongzheng, who was in charge of royal affairs, attacked Princess Changle
Now I can finally see her face
Hey, Princess Changle is my future daughter-in-law
Mom, you can't make trouble in front of the princess
A grown princess is not a village woman and farmer like Ye Linghan
Even if you are his future mother-in-law
We have to keep a low profile too.
Hey okay
low key
Arrogant
Even I dare to pretend to be Princess Changle
I'd like to see who you are
Princess Fengping Changle
Princess Changle, good night